[Java] Release Notes 3.67.0 (#782)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/release-notes.mdx

### Fixed Issues
-->

## 3.67.0 - April 14, 2022

[Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:com.sap.cloud.sdk*%20AND%20v:3.67.0) | [Javadoc](https://help.sap.com/doc/55bb1642ea614bf582d514ed34401136/1.0/en-US/index.html)

### Compatibility Notes

> - To fix critical [CVE-2022-22965](https://tanzu.vmware.com/security/cve-2022-22965) vulnerability in Spring, we had to update [Spring BOM](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:org.springframework%2BAND%2Ba:spring-framework-bom) to `5.3.18` and to maintain compatibility had to also update [XSUAA Client Library](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-security-xsuaa-integration) to `2.11.15`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To fix the critical [CVE-2022-22965](https://tanzu.vmware.com/security/cve-2022-22965) vulnerability in Spring, we had to update [Spring BOM](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:org.springframework%2BAND%2Ba:spring-framework-bom) to `5.3.18` and to maintain compatibility had to also update [XSUAA Client Library](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-security-xsuaa-integration) to `2.11.15`.
```

  Please note that if you are using SAP JAVA buildpack for your deployments use a static buildpack version `sap_java_buildpack_1_49` to avoid dependency conflicts and class loading issues.

> - The module `auditlog-scp-cf` is considered **deprecated**.
>   The internally used auditlog API is outdated and no longer adheres to product standard.
>   In the future Cloud SDK may provide an update leveraging the recommended API, until then the users have the option to continue using the deprecated logic at their own risk, or directly consume the recommended auditlog API directly - without the Cloud SDK convenience layer.
>   This deprecated module will remain in upcoming Cloud SDK v4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The module `auditlog-scp-cf` is considered **deprecated**.
  The audit logging API used to implement the integration is outdated and no longer adheres to product guidelines.
  In the future, Cloud SDK may provide an update leveraging the recommended API. Until then the users have an option to continue using the deprecated logic at their own risk, or directly consume the recommended audit logging API - without the Cloud SDK convenience layer.
  Please, create an issue here if you are interested in the consumption of `auditlog-scp-cf` via the SAP Cloud SDK.
  This deprecated module will be removed in the upcoming Cloud SDK v4.
  The module targeting Neo integration can be consumed as before.
```

Reviewer 2: Based on @artemkovalyov suggestion, but with a link to ease the issue creation:

```suggestion
- The module `auditlog-scp-cf` is considered **deprecated**.
  The audit logging API used to implement the integration is outdated and no longer adheres to product guidelines.
  In the future, Cloud SDK may provide an update leveraging the recommended API. Until then the users have an option to continue using the deprecated logic at their own risk, or directly consume the recommended audit logging API - without the Cloud SDK convenience layer.
  Please, [create an issue](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk/issues/new?assignees=&labels=feedback&template=feedback.md&title=) if you are interested in the consumption of `auditlog-scp-cf` via the SAP Cloud SDK.
  This deprecated module will be removed in the upcoming Cloud SDK v4.
  The module targeting Neo integration can be consumed as before.
```

Author: I am not sure about the removal of the module in V4, I thought the [decision](https://github.wdf.sap.corp/MA/sdk/pull/6798#issuecomment-4401144) taken was to continue shipping it in deprecated state in V4 too.

  Please note that if you are using SAP JAVA buildpack for your deployments use a static buildpack version `sap_java_buildpack_1_49` to avoid dependency conflicts and class loading issues.
- The module `auditlog-scp-cf` is considered **deprecated**.
  The audit logging API used to implement the integration is outdated and no longer adheres to product guidelines.
  In the future, Cloud SDK may provide an update leveraging the recommended API. Until then the users have an option to continue using the deprecated logic at their own risk, or directly consume the recommended audit logging API - without the Cloud SDK convenience layer.
Please, [create an issue](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk/issues/new?assignees=&labels=feedback&template=feedback.md&title=) if you are interested in the consumption of `auditlog-scp-cf` via the SAP Cloud SDK.

> This deprecated module will be kept in the upcoming [SAP Cloud SDK v4 and removed in the SAP Cloud SDK v5](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/java/release-policy)

Author: I will be skeptical of saying that the module will be removed in SDK v5 and just mention that it will be available in SDK v4. This gives us flexibility I think. What do you think @artemkovalyov 

```suggestion
This deprecated module will be kept in the upcoming SAP Cloud SDK v4.
```

Reviewer: Agree, you can remove it.
